# Button Based Delay Lab 3
## Goals
To have the blink speed of a LED be determined by the duration of which a button is pressed. 
## Code
To implement this lab timers and interrupts are required. On all the boards, except for the FR2311, there are at least two timers. Called Timer A and Timer B. These timers are nothing but counters that are driven by a clock of the users choice. There are three modes for these timers, Up, Down, and Continuous. In this lab we use the timers in up mode and what this means is that the timer counts until it reaches the value of what is called a capture/comparison register. In this case CCR0. When the timer reaches the value of CCR0 a flag is thrown and the processor enters what is called an interrupt service routine (ISR). 

An ISR is a subroutine within the processor. What happens is that when the processor enters the ISR, all other events are paused and the code within the ISR is executed. ISRs are useful for conserving energy and reacting to peripheral (in this case a timer) stimulus. To utilize ISRs one must enable interrupts to occur. This is done using the macro _ _ enable _ interupt(); Although, this just enables timer interrupts, to enable interrupts for specific pins of a port, one would have to do something like this "P1IE |= BIT1;". That code enables interrupts for P1.1, follow it up with "P1IES &= ~BIT1;" and that tells the processor to throw the interrupt when button is pressed (assuming active low). Lastly, to use interrupts (and this is the most important part) one must use #pragma (with the correct vector, best found in the device specific .h file). This is where you write the code to execute within the ISR. 

The specifics of this lab are as such

Set LED1 to toggle everytime TimerA0 reaches the value of TA0CCR0. If button1 is pressed held, start TimerA1. If button1 is pressed and held, and TimerA1 reaches the value of TA1CCR0 then blink LED2 (indicating that 1 second has passed) and increment the value of variable button _ count. When button1 is released (interrupt is set on the positive edge, because active high), enter the ISR, stop TimerA1, clear it, and set the value of TA0CCR0 to 3277 * button _ count. If at any time button2 is pressed, reset TA0CCR0 to 3277. The end result is that LED1 should now be blinking at some proportion slower than its original state.

The reason for this is because the frequency of the LED is determined by TA0CCR0. The value of TA0CCR0 is analogous to the pause generated by the do-while loops to blink the LEDs in lab 2. LED frequency is 1/(CCR0/Frequency(Clock)). 

Button 2 acting as a reset is extra portion of this lab. It should be noted that due to launchpads FR2311 and G2553 not having extra buttons, they do not have this extra portion. Also, because button interrupts were used for this lab, I asked and was told that it can count for button interrupt section of this lab. With that being said, I still implemented seperate button interrupts sections for the FR2311 and G2553. Those labs merely change the LED that is blinking when the button is pressed. 

## Original
# Button Based Delay
Now that you have begun to familiarize yourself with the TIMER modules, why don't we make an interesting change to our code from the last lab.

## Task
Setup your microcontroller to initially blink and LED at a rate of 10Hz upon restarting or powering up. Then utilizing one of the buttons on board, a user should be able to set the delay or blinking rate of the LED by holding down a button. The duration in which the button is depressed should then become the new rate at which the LED blinks. As previously stated, you most likely will want to take advantage of the fact that TIMER modules exist and see if you can let them do a bulk of the work for you.

### Extra Work
## Reset Button
What is a piece of electronics without a reset button? Instead of relying on resetting your processor using the built in reset circuitry, why not instead use another button to reset the rate back to 10Hz.

## Button Based Hertz
Most likely using two buttons, what if instead of making a delay loop based on the time, the user could instead enter a mode where the number of times they pressed the button would become the number in Hz of the blinking rate? How do you think you would implement that with just one button?
